---
id: 35
title: Page1
date: 2018-09-06T09:26:11+00:00
author: shweta
layout: page
guid: http://localhost/wordpress/?page_id=35
---
## Some popular platforms we migrate users and/or email data from

**Office 365**

**IBM Notes****Microsoft Outlook**

**Zoho Mail**

**Zimbra**</td> 

**Microsoft Exchange**

**Novell GroupWise**

**Netcore****Rediffmail**

**Yahoo Mail**

#### **                                                                                                         Don’t see your legacy platform?** {#fancy-title-5b90aaa78b4e4}

<p id="fancy-title-5b90aaa78b70c">
                                                                                                                    We have seen them all.
</p>

<a href="#" role="button"><br /> Contact Us<br /> </a>

## Facilitate your move to cloud by Searce – Google cloud partner

G-Suite migration & deployment can be complex, but we make it simple for you. With a close monitoring system, our professional G-Suite Team ensure a smooth migration and deployment for your organization.

We have assisted numerous organization of all sizes and segments to move seamlessly to G-Suite & provide them a delightful experience in stepping into the world of Google. With the core technical expertise, experienced google apps migration & deployment team, it is now just a matter of time to move to Google from your current legacy system and the result is phenomenal.

We have successfully executed over hundreds of **Email Migration** from  **Microsoft Exchange, Office 365, Microsoft Outlook, Lotus Domino, Novell Groupwise or other mail servers** to Google Apps

## Why Searce for Google Apps Migration & Deployment
  


Searce has a highly experienced and Google Certified team to lead your transition to Google Apps for work. Most importantly, it will not affect you day-to-day business. Our team does your Google apps migration with almost zero interruption, as we value your time.

  * Google Apps Migration & Deployment Specialist
  * Google Apps Migration Project Managers
  * Certified Technical Specialists & consultant
  * Google Apps Migration Support Specialist
  * Google Apps Migration Certified Trainer

 

Once you decide to move to G Suite, our specialist will work together with your team & ensure a smooth and steady transition to cloud for your organization.

Our team is fully distributed, and spread across the country, they are ready to relocate anywhere for your project in order to provide efficient service.

As a premier partner for Google, apart from Google Apps migration & deployment services, we do offer additional services such Cloud Assessment, Consultancy, Change Management and 24*7 happy customer support